

We originally had intended that Project 3 would be all about phonography. But since we are all now working from home, meeting online, maintaining social distance, and trying to stay safe and sane, that’s no longer a feasible (or even safe) thing to do. How can we think about the creation, recording, and performance of sound in our new reality of social distancing, self-quarantine, and sheltering in place?  
For the third project, we’d like you to do the following: using only materials that you already have in your house—things like your computers, phones, junk piles, clothes, furniture, books, silverware, scraps, the internet, walls, doors, shoes, hardware, etc.—we’d like you to create a piece of sound art that “responds" to our new reality. By “response," we do not mean that you should make something political, or socially responsible, or reflective of the nature of the coronavirus or of a pandemic. (Of course, if that’s the way you feel compelled to respond, that’s fine too.) You might also consider the following: what kinds of sounds would you like to fill the space you are inhabiting? What kind of sonic rituals and soundmaking can be restorative? What kinds of sound might accompany (or accentuate, or overcome, or remediate, or counterpoint) the strange, sudden silence of empty streets, empty shelves, and an empty campus? What kind of ways can we sonify the present? What kinds of sonic communication would we like to be having right now? 
Please don’t venture outside unnecessarily and put yourself at risk to do this project. Think of our new state of "home stay" and self-quarantine as the set of artistic conditions that help to guide and shape this project. For your presentation, you can upload a piece of fixed media (a sound or video recording, edited or processed, or simply raw) or you can choose to perform your work over zoom. (Think about what can be done with zoom, or with fixed online media, since these are your conditions.) 
